Sanders.
Visitor.
Step forward.
Hi. Paula.
Um. my name is Rebecca Halliday.
I'm your attorney.
Oh. my God. Hi.
Doug said that he would reach out to you.
- Mmm.
- Thank you for being here.
My God. I don't know what to do.
We don't have a lot of time.
so let's just focus on what's important.
I can help you.
but I need to know everything.
Okay. You wanna know the facts?
I'm good with facts.
So. it started with Trevor.
He was a… a cam boy that I met.
Uh… Uh. we started talking. chatting.
and it was very intimate. very quickly.
And I shared everything.
We shared…
- I mean. sexually we shared everything.
- Yeah.
And emotionally…
And I told him so much about…
Sanders.
Ain't you popular?
You got another visitor. Step forward.
Oh. hey. Sorry I'm late.
Some jerk slashed my tires
and trying to get an Uber
to Rikers was like…
- I'm sorry… I'm sorry. Who are you?
- Oh. Sorry. Doug sent me.
Uh. I'm Rebecca Halliday. I'm your lawyer.
Your. uh… Your criminal defense attorney.
Uh… Yeah. so please have a seat.
Yeah. uh. Doug is worried about you.
He said that you're a great mom
and you have the cutest daughter. Hazel.
And my goal is to get you back home.
Okay. So. this all started with. uh.
an online scam?
Yeah. it's crazy here right now.
I mean. it's not every day
that your coworker gets arrested
for double homicide. you know?
Um. one was strangled to death.
and the other was asphyxiation
by expanding foam insulation.
Yeah. Gnarly.
We used to have lunch together
all the time.
I don't know. like. salad usually.
Hey. these are supposed to be Geri's.
W… Where the fuck is she?
Come in.
Hi. Can I help you?
Ms. Tercek?
Uh… It's pronounced "Ter-chek."
but…
Hey.
I'm Geri Soto.
I'm a… I'm…
I'm a journalist for The Margin.
Oh.
- Well. I love The Margin.
- Oh.
- Um. call me Joyce.
- Great.
- Do you have a minute? I'm just gonna…
- Yeah.
I'm working on an article about the
pressures of ultra-selective universities.
Well. our admission standards
are extremely high.
but we support our students
and ensure they thrive.
That's very impressive.
So. I-I believe that you met here
with a man a few days ago.
Uh. mid-40s. salt and pepper hair.
athletic build.
This would have been around six o'clock.
Um… I'm not sure…
W-What does this have to do
with admission standards?
Well. that's what I'm trying
to figure out.
C-Can you tell me
what you two discussed?
I'm s… …I'm sorry.
I don't even…
I don't recall meeting
with someone like that.
But you know what? Even if I did.
all collegiate business
is strictly confidential. so…
Hmm.
But I could really just. uh…
I would appreciate
if we could just discuss the...
Oh. If you'll excuse me.
I have an appointment.
- Oh.
- Okay. It's okay.
You really don't remember
th-this man that we're...
All right. have a good day.
Jesus Christ.
- What?
- She made it for you in art class.
Oh.
Man. I feel like I should say something.
but I don't really know
what to say right here. Paula.
Thank you for. um. bailing me out.
I'm not gonna leave you in there.
What happened?
I don't know.
Paula. what do you mean you don't know?
Is she okay?
I was supposed to FaceTime her
before bed last night.
Yeah. she's fine.
She doesn't know anything.
Yeah. she just went
to bed. She doesn't know a thing.
I didn't do what they say.
You know that. right?
It's not for me. you know. to…
Karl.
You know that.
I need to. uh.
make something crystal clear.
I don't think you're gonna like it.
Hazel is gonna stay with us for now.
Full time.
And you can visit her obviously.
But it has to be supervised. Paula.
It's got to be me or Mal there.
I think it's just best
for Hazel right now.
just 'cause there's been some things
that have been inconsistent.
So if you wanna fight. we can fight.
- But I don't wanna fight.
- I'm not gonna fight.
- I don't wanna fight.
- I'm not… I'm not going to fight.
Because I can't fight with you right now.
Look at me. I'm not gonna fight you.
You're right.
I'm sorry. okay?
Oh fuck. man.
Hey. Paula. it's Doug. You're on speaker.
I'm here with Rebecca.
your criminal attorney.
The real one.
Hi. Paula.
I'm very concerned about the woman
who impersonated me at the jail.
I-I will get to the bottom of it.
For now. stay focused.
You need to stay home and lay low.
You are not to leave the tristate area
without prior authorization.
You're gonna be taking
a leave of absence from work.
I drafted a letter for you
to send to your boss.
If you have any doubt about what
you should or shouldn't be doing. call me.
You'll get through this.
The best thing you can do
is stay out of trouble
and let Rebecca do her job.
So what happens to me now?
Like. what-what-what about
the custody hearing?
Well. this certainly doesn't help.
The arrest hurts us.
But a conviction.
that is game over for custody.
- Uh-huh.
- You really need to lock in. okay?
Um… Oh. Oh. this is Hazel.
- I gotta go. Okay. Okay.
- Okay. let's talk later.
- Bye.
- Take care.
- Hey. babycakes.
- Hi. Mommy.
- Hi.
- Miss you.
I miss you too.
Guess what? I've got a loose tooth. Look.
Ugh. Oh. my God.
That's awesome.
Gross.
Uh… I miss you. Oh. look at… Look what I…
Hi.
Yeah. Uh. Hazel. look.
I love it.
Oh. my God. I love it.
So. I have to do a picture of you
for my school art show.
- Oh. yeah? Okay.
- Yeah.
All right. you want me to pose?
Yeah. yeah.
I can't hold it very long.
I gotta go. my snack is ready.
Also. Mal just got home.
so I can paint her.
Okay. I love you so much. Bye.
It's a sexy story. Suzie.
Who can we really trust? I love it.
It is quite inflammatory.
A dizzying flight.
But. Geri. you've got a long way to go
to land this plane.
I know. I-I wanted to bring it to you now
because of Paula's arrest.
You'll be able to corroborate everything?
Multiple sources?
I was an eyewitness to most of it.
But yes. I will.
And you've thought through
the repercussions?
- You and Paula seem friendly.
- A real reporter has no friends.
I was just telling the truth.
Oof. Geri. ruthless.
A real Machiavellian backstabber.
You have a bright future here.
Land the plane.
Okay.
Ladies.
Goldfish! Goldfish!
Don't you dare take any!
- I'm gonna get 'em!
- You first!
- Yeah!
- No! How dare you.
But the rest are for you.
Share with your friends.
I bailed Paula out of jail.
I know. okay?
I just…
I couldn't leave her in there. Mal.
It felt wrong.
I couldn't imagine having to explain it
to Hazel when she asked.
It's a nightmare of a situation. but…
We should have discussed it. I just…
If it's about the money.
we will get it back unless she flees…
…to Venezuela or whatever.
but she's not gonna.
I don't even think she speaks Spanish.
Or she might. I don't…
I'm sorry.
I'm not mad.
- No?
- It was a smart move.
What does that mean.
"It was a smart move"?
It'll play great in the custody hearing.
and. I mean. whichever way this goes.
Paula will owe us. Big time.
What?
I didn't do it for her to owe us anything.
I did it 'cause she was in jail.
What do you think we're doing here?
Can somebody push me? I can't swing.
I will!
I don't…
Should we pull you back first?
Hold on tight.
- Whoo!
- Yes!
Hey. Rudy. It's me calling again.
I'm out on bail.
which is a very weird thing to say.
But. um…
You're not still mad at me. right?
I have an idea.
and it's a little dangerous.
and I could really use your help.
So call me back. Okay. bye.
I can feel your eyes
and smell your protein shake.
What was that all about?
Nothing. I was just helping them
with some research.
All day. question mark?
'Cause we haven't even talked
about Paula getting arrested.
which should have filled. like.
two whole lunches and a snack. minimum.
And now. what? You. Suzie and Drew
are. like. besties? What's up?
Nothing.
Come on. We…
We tell each other everything.
Must I pull this out of your butt
like a magician's handkerchief?
Ew. What kind of magicians do you watch?
I don't know. German ones. Come on.
There's nothing going on. Okay?
I have to run.
Okay.
Fuck.
Calm down! Hey!
Get the fuck off me!
Don't move. you crazy bitch!
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Don't shoot! Please.
Don't shoot! Don't shoot me.
Jesus Christ! I'm not gonna shoot you.
I'm here for that motherfucker.
He's-He's dead.
I killed him.
Oh. my God.
Fuck.
Sorry. That was me.
Okay.
What's good. Tom? Good to see you.
Sorry.
Fucking love
that you blew Dennis's head off.
- I wish I would've been there.
- No. You don't.
Why did Dennis kill Trevor?
They were boyfriends.
but Trev also worked for Dennis.
A bunch of people worked for him.
all doing shady shit.
- Like what?
- I don't know much.
but they were involved in some kind
of blackmailing scheme.
Although. Trev always
complained about his cut a lot.
That's how he got the idea
for us to start pulling our own scams.
like the one on you. behind Dennis's back.
But… I guess Dennis found out.
Why me?
He knew he could apply pressure on you
because of your kid.
I mean.
he-he also said something else.
Something about what went down
in Portland?
I-I-I don't know what he's talking about.
Well. he liked you.
He was just an ambitious guy.
Plus you were local.
And he said that you had
exploitable weaknesses.
But those sound like words
he probably learned from Dennis.
Dennis. Yeah.
The guy you were gonna hand me over to.
Tied to a fucking chair.
We were desperate.
I screwed everything up. okay?
I got Sky killed...
You're not gonna get any
fucking sympathy from me.
I didn't do anything wrong.
and I got arrested for Sky's murder.
And for Trevor's. Yeah.
- What? That-That makes no sense.
- I know.
Dennis killed them both.
I-I-I assume he killed Trevor.
but I heard him kill Sky.
You heard him?
You… Well. then you're a… a witness.
- I mean. I guess.
- Yeah.
I-I didn't see anything. I...
No. but you could… you could exonerate me.
You know it-it was him.
You… Y-You have to talk to the cops.
- You have to tell them.
- No! No. I'm not talking...
- Yes!
- I'm not getting involved.
What… Why… What… What?
- No cops.
- You're already involved.
- What are you talking about?
- No cops. No!
Do you think Sky would want me
to go to jail for something I didn't do?
Like. have my entire life exploded?
Fuck.
This is the one. Bax.
Luck is coming back my way.
as long as Aaron Judge doesn't screw me.
Mm-hmm.
Oh! Check it out.
My boy finally got a name.
Say hello to Chester.
After my grandfather.
I don't wanna be rude. but that's the name
of a cat who dies a virgin.
No. Grandpa Chet was nice like that.
Grandpa Chet shook your hand.
you had twins.
Ugh.
Gonzales.
Hey. it's Paula. Paula Sanders.
Paula Sanders. I heard you made bail.
How was Rikers?
They still have that
sweet chicken teriyaki on Thursdays?
Uh. are-are you gonna be
at the station in about an hour?
I'm coming in with someone
who can exonerate me.
- Paula. we already...
- Someone who knows
that it was Dennis O'Neill.
Trevor's boyfriend. who's the real killer.
I'll be here.
She's coming in.
"I went on a journey with my coworkers
to hell and back
with only a dead man's
hacked burner phone to guide us."
- What the fuck are you doing?
You broke into my desk?
You lied to my face.
Okay. I knew you were. like.
a hustler or whatever. but…
How could you do this?
Please. you're the one who said that
you and Paula weren't even real friends.
Sure. but I didn't straight
betray her. okay.
You would withhold information
and let her go to jail to write a story?
To… To get a better job or something?
Are you fucking kidding me. Geri?
Okay. first of all. yes.
I got into the phone.
But there was nothing on it.
And it is not my fault
that Paula went to jail.
The police thinks she's a murderer.
and so do you.
Okay. I know we say horrible things
to each other.
but I thought we were. like. real friends.
We are.
Okay? If you wanted something this badly.
you would have done the same thing.
It's not my fault that you don't know what
it is you wanna do with your life yet.
Last year it was day trading. and now
it's. "Oh. maybe I'll go to law school."
Okay. well.
I'd rather not know what I want.
than want something so bad
I'm willing to shaft my friends to get it.
You're overreacting. as usual.
Just like you did with Vi.
You know what? Fuck this!
Rudy.
Come on.
No witty retort?
Witty retort.
Thank you so much. All right. hi.
I'm Paula Sanders.
I'm here to see Detective Gonzales.
- She's expecting me.
- She's expecting you?
All right. Hang on.
Uh. do…
…you have a bathroom I could use?
- Yeah. Down that way.
- Okay.
- Hurry.
- Um. Gonzales?
- Somebody's here for you.
- Hey.
- She'll be right down. Yeah.
- Yeah? Okay. great.
Do I have to sign?
No. nothing.
Fuck!
- Hey! What the hell. man? Dude!
- Oh! Oh. oh fuck.
Ah. sorry.
Oh. sorry.
I should've trusted you.
- Yeah!
- Yeah. it's just. um. not cool.
Ash. sorry.
Ash?
Oh! Hey!
F… Fuck.
What's up?
Paula.
Where's the magical witness
who's supposed to clear your name?
She ran away.
I guess I'll see you in court then.
Hey. what good are you?
What earthly good are you?
You know. Dennis O'Neill killed
those people. not me.
I'm a fucking regular person!
Now I'm caught up in this mess of lies
and disappearing bodies
and two jailhouse lawyers
with the same fucking name.
- Two lawyers?
- You were supposed to...
You didn't help me in the beginning.
and you're not helping me now.
You're the only person who's supposed to.
and you're fucking useless!
Top you up?
Sure. yeah.
Okay.
- Hi!
- Hey!
Sorry I'm late.
How's my favorite food scientist?
Good. good. Busy. busy.
All right.
Shall we start experimenting?
I'm gonna make you feel so good.
You deserve it.
You just need to relax.
Fucking commute
is just killing me.
Fucking odd…
Show me your body.
You look amazing.